string suffixes: using string.h, I will first compare the length of needle with the length of haystack and if needle is longer than haystack return false. Then i will check to see if needle is in haystack using strcmp(haystack,needle) and checking to see if its == 0 (meaning needle is == haystack) or if its > 0 (meaning needle is in haystack but haystack is longer than needle. I will probably try to iteratively check to see if needle is at the very end of haystack to make it a proper suffix. (updated, ended up using ASCII characters along with strcmp to see if characters were the same. made is so that when needle is in haystack it decrements a counter variable to see when needle is completely finished as well as decrementing a counter for haystack. If the size of haystack is > 0 after needle counter = 0 then it returns false bc the suffix wasn't at the end. else returns true.)

repeat a string n times: I will do two for loops, one iterating through the string from *s and the second iterating through the amount of times it needs to print. to determine how much memory i need to allocate, I will probably do a sizeof the string and multiply it by n or find a similar way to make sure I allocate just the right amount of memory to be printed.

palindrome: to check if a word is a palindrome I will likely compare a word with the word in reverse (finding the reverse by using the strrev() function in string.h and then comparing the original and reversed string using strcmp() also in string.h. the amount of space that I free will likely be two times the size of the palindrome so that I can use the original word and the reverse of the word. (ended up also using ascii characters to compare whether things are equal. Made a for loop that iterates through a string backwards and compares it to the characters going forwards and compared them using their ascii codes. to make sure uppercase letters are equal to lower case letters I added a check to make sure the ascii of an uppercase - the ascii of a lowercase is equal to 32. so (A - a) == 32. also skipped non-letters like spaces and commas.)

dot product: i will be using a for loop to iterate through both arrays and then multiplying array1[i] * array2[i] and putting the result into a separate variable that I will be adding to through each iteration

reduce: to implement a reduce function I will be iterating through the elements of an array and performing an operation on them (in this case it checks how many negative numbers there are), I will have to keep note of the array, the size of the array, the intial value, and the operator. I will probably also have to initialize a variable to keep track of how many negative numbers there are (or whatever the operation is) in order to return that number at the end.

maximum number: I think this is pretty much just using my reduce function, passing it through a maximum function that I make that checks to see which number in the array is biggest, will need a running largest number variable and a variable to record the current number going in, and keeping track of the maximum number by returning that at the end

summing all positive elements: pretty straightforward just like max number, write a function that ignores negative numbers and then adds all positive numbers from an array using the reduce function to compact it and return the final output.
 
